writing at a minute let me read it
no hey why don't you read it to her
[Applause]
alright it was summer and it was hot
Rachel was there a lonely gray couch
oh look cried Ned and then the kingdom
was his forever the end that's it that's
all you wrote
you're the worst writer in the whole
world
all right you know what this isn't funny
anymore there's something about me on
that piece of paper and I want to see it
no you don't you guys want to be
children about this that's fine I do not
need Ross what is this thank you good
luck okay just just remember how crazy I
am about you okay kind of ditzy Oh too
into her looks spoiled now that's a
little spoil he was supposed to type a
little the idiot just a waitress now
that that was uh I mean as opposed to
the okay is this over yet
great I do not have chubby ankles she's
not Rachel
stupid paleontology word that I wouldn't
know because I'm just a waitress right
come on Rach no no no it's she's not
Rachel she's she's not Rachel
[Music]
my diary my diary that's brilliant I
should have told her was my diary she
never would have made me read her my
diary no that's true you know you'd be a
great person have around the day after
an emergency I cannot believe Ross even
made this list know what a dinkus hey
cut him some slack
was Chandler's idea oh good I was hoping
that would come up let's get some
perspective here okay these things they
happen for a reason yeah you all right
Pheebs back me up here okay you believe
in that karma crap don't you by the way
good luck in your next life as a dung
beetle
[Music]